== Lunch ordering system

This project implements lunch ordering system.

Visitor (non-registered user)

* Visitor can see calendar and menu for today with dishes and prices (if already created )
* Visitor can browse calendar weeks and view menu for past days
* Visitor can register and become a user
* Visitor can select dish and read its description on dish page

User

* User can edit his profile (change name, email, password)
* User can see a weekdays on the dashboard page (calendar for 2 weeks)
* When user clicks on the weekday(today or days in the past), he can see menu ­list 
of items with prices. 
* User can only choose one item from the first 
course, one item from the main course and one drink. Total 3 items. 
* User can press Process order button to process order. 
* User can browse his orders by clicking My orders button
* User can view each order in details
* User can select dish and read its description on dish page

Admin
* Admin can access admin's dashboard
* Admin can browse registered users. 
* Admin can browse existing dishes.
* Admin can browse all orders list. 
* Admin can browse calendar and see users’ orders for each day. 
* Admin can add items in menu only for today by selecting dishes from 3 categories: first course, second course, drinks
* Admin can add new dishes by entering name, category, description, quantity, price and picture (if needed)
* On the dashboard page admin can see the menu for today, list of orders and total launch cost 
for today.  
 

DB: Postgres
Frontend: Bootstrap, Bootstrap material design